## Welcome To Richard Chum's Project Page

This is where I am going to try to upload and display the projects that I have
done. I will also attempt to familiarize myself with github pages so that way I
can include it in my toolbox.

## Who is Richard Chum
```
I am a graduate of the University of California, San Diego. I graduated with a
bachelors of science in Computer Engineer as of June 2018, and I am looking for
an occupation. I am interested in coding and integrating the code I constructed
with electrical and mechanical components. Ideally I would like to work with a
company where I can grow to new heights, and in doing so benefiting the company.
I prefer to spend long hours of coding and applying it to actual componenets
rather than at a desk but that's just a preference (I don't want to cut my 
opportunities short).

I enjoy working with people especially within a group with a centralized goal.
Working with others has proven to be the best way for me to grow individually
and I appreicate the experiece I have recieved while working with the people I
have. Working with others streamlined my development in team leadership, problem
solving, communication (verbally and written), public speaking, and many more
skills that accomodate working with others. 

I value community and I would say that being a part of different communites have
molded me to being the person I am. The first community I was a part of was a
club in high school called Cambodian Social Club (CSS). It was a community
dedicated to keeping kids in the community occupied and away from doing drugs. 
We were a branch of a larger none-profit called Asian American Drug Abuse Program
(AADAP). AADAP focused more on giving people an outlet to recover from their 
addiction by providing a center where they can be mentored by the staff, rather 
than preventing the abuse in the first place. While at AADAP I was able to go to
the center and participate in outing events with those around my age who were
addicting to various drugs. I wanted them to know that they have a support group
and that just because they made a few mistakes that their life isn't over. 

Along being in CSS I was also a part of other pockets of communities. Some of
which include Martial Arts Club, and Cambodian Student Socitey. Martial Arts
club provided an outlet to help me controll the stress I had and left a lasting
impression on me. I learned that control of one's body is similar to how one
would controll one's mental state. 
```

## Skills
### Software Languages
* Object Oriented C 	* C/C++ 	* Java 		* Python    

## Work Experiences
## Extra Curricular

## Projects

[Disney Themed Pinball Machine](https://drawsome1.github.io/Pinball_Machine)


